Have you ever thought about getting
medical coverage even if your
hospitalization was just for 2 hours or
wondered whether pre-existing conditions
like amma or diabetes could still be
covered? And is there any plan that
actually increases your coverage every
year with a 100% bonus? I mean yes, it's
doubling your coverage over time and
something you really see in the market
where most plan only give 50% or less.
Hi, I am Mariam and I represent Policy
Hub. A place where we make insurance
simple and easy to understand. And today
I'm here to share something
extraordinary. A plan that actually
makes all of this possible and going far
beyond the traditional idea of health
insurance. And this plan is not just
about coverage, redefining care and
setting a new standard for what health
insurance should look like. The plan
that does exactly this is the ICIC
Lombardate Health Insurance Plan. And
the best part is that this single plan
answer all those questions we talked
about earlier and in today's video we
will see how it does that. So make sure
you watch till the end and if you have
any doubt you can book your free
consultation with us and the link is
given in the description. So what make
this plan very powerful is not only its
base coverage but also the unique
add-ons you can choose and a rider that
let you customize, enhance and make your
policy even stronger. So let me walk you
through some of the most impactful ones.
So the first one is 2 hours
hospitalization cover. Unlike
conventional plan that requires 24 hours
admission, this one covers medical
expenses even if you are hospitalized
for just 2 hours. Another rider is jump
start coverage. In this rider
pre-existing conditions like ama,
diabetes, hypertension or high
cholesterol are covered from the 31st
day. Another is newborn and maternity
care. In this letter from maternity
expenses to newborn hospitalization and
even vaccination in the first year
everything is taken care of under the
same plan. Another is very unique which
is claim protector. So in this small but
essential non-payable items like gloves,
cotton and seren are also included so
you don't face unexpected out-ofpocket
expenses. Another one is power booster.
With a 100% loyalty bonus every year
your coverage keeps doubling for life
irrespective of claims. But these are
just a few of the highlights. So let me
take you deeper into the wide range of
features this plan offers. So another
one is worldwide cover in this access to
advanced global healthcare with cashless
coverage up to 3 cr even outside the
India. Another rider is chronic disease
management program. In this a
specialized program to support
conditions like ama, diabetes,
hypertension, obesity and coronary
artery disease are covered. Another is
infinite care. In this a one-time
infinite claim amount for your selected
claim you can take once in a whole
lifetime. Another is inflation
protector. In this your annual sum
insured automatically increases every
year in line with inflations. Next is
durable medical equipment. In this
expenses up to five lakh annually for
renting or purchasing prescribed
equipment and rather than this you have
option to reduce maternity waiting
period and you can reduce your waiting
period from 2 years to just 1 year.
Let's take a closer look at how the ICC
Lombard Alate health insurance plan
answer the questions we started with. So
the question was can you really get
coverage even if your hospitalization is
just 2 hours? Yes, this plan make that
possible. And what about pre-existing
conditions like ama or diabetes? Can you
still get insured? Absolutely. This plan
covers that too. And when it comes to
your newborn, their vaccination and care
during the first year are included as
well. And that's not all. This plan also
bring a set of additional advantages. In
this, you get a 25% NRI advantage on the
base premium, a compassionate visit
allows and even domestic air ambulance
coverage for emergencies. And there are
also a dependent accommodation benefit,
personal accident and unlimited
teleconultations are also covered. On
top of this, the plan cover 20 critical
illnesses, provides viter services
through the mobile app and give you the
flexibility to choose a voluntary
co-ayment option from 10% to 50%. So
this plan does not just offer insurance,
it delivers care designed around your
real needs at every stage of life.
Because the true value of health
insurance is not just in promise, it's
in the protection it gives you when you
need it the most. And if this video
helped you understand how to protect
yourself and your family, hit like,
share it with your loved ones. And if
you are new to our channel, subscribe
for more updated and insights. And if
you want expert guidance tailored just
for you and book your free consultation
with us and let's make sure you and your
family are truly covered. Link is given
in the description. See you in the next
video. Till then, bye.